come on you guys
you know I can't bend over
when I got into the NBA nerdy everybody
shot two-handed when it started out I
didn't I was the Freak I shot him one
day had that you know my brother was a
good boat and good athlete and we'd
played one-on-one and I never could get
a shot off and he really enjoyed that
because he was six five and I was just
about five seven probably he used to
tell me that you better find another
game this isn't your game is for big men
tall man
I on the board savers
somehow the idea come to me is if what
if I jumped up and I knew I could jump I
jump straight up and bring the ball up
right over my head
and I I let it go the thing went in he
hadn't his feet was on the ground he
hadn't even left the floor and he said
Kenny you may have something there he
says you better develop that shot it
took years he didn't happen overnight to
get them a jump shot but he was the idea
behind it kids in their community
started trying to imitate that shot as
soon as they saw in Life Magazine as
I've had people tell me I even
ballplayers tell me that that's the
first picture I ever saw of a jump shot
if you look everybody is bound to the
floor their feet except mine and that
was the that was one of the standard
rules in my day was in defense or on
offense you never left the floor I'm not
jump shots popped in the air and shouted
I suppose take it the runway who would
possibly know you ray Meyer from DePaul
who coached there for many many years he
said it the best I think Sanders may not
have been the first player to jump in
the air and shoot the ball but he
developed the shot that's being used
today
in 1943 we won the n-c-double-a we beat
the champions of the NIT would beat the
national service tube champion they
would beat the national AAU champions
Philip 66 but anybody else to beat
I went as far as I could go in
basketball and that still wasn't enough
so I went into the pros and played long
enough to get a pension in the NBA
basketball was it was just about my
whole life when I was growing up as I've
gotten older and the Lord has shown me
that there's far more things more
important and just sports or basketball
that's my girl
60 years my life I spent with that girl
my wife and I had a wonderful marriage
and it lasted a long time
we enjoyed living with each other we
enjoyed her family I know how it could
have been any better she contacted this
what do you call it dementia and
gradually you lose your memory of things
way back the doctors told me she wasn't
gonna be around too much longer it's
tough the Lord gives you strength that
you don't even know where it comes from
it just gives you the strength to go
through most anything
as an old man 90 years of age have
experienced much in my lifetime and all
of it wasn't good
certainly all of it wasn't bad that one
thing that has stood the test of time is
God he is satisfied be in a way that all
the fame and success could never do
nothing does compare with my experience
with Christ in the life that I've had in
him there's nothing in this world that
can even come close to it I'm not in the
Hall of Fame far I've never made it
if I were to make the Hall of Fame today
oh you know it'd be nice I mean I'm a
human being just like everybody else
but I know I belong to the greatest Hall
of Fame that any man or woman can ever
belong to and when you belong to that
and you know you belong to it you don't
worry about peace
the men create down here don't mean that
much to eat
you